Upgrade api version in sample policies (#180)
weaveworks/policy-agent: docs/policy.md

## Policy Library

> Weaveworks offers an extensive policy library to Weave GitOps Enterprise customers. The library contains over 100 policies that cover security, best practices, and standards like SOC2, GDPR, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, Mitre Attack and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weaveworks offers an extensive policy library to Weave GitOps Assured and Enterprise customers. The library contains over 150 policies that cover security, best practices, and standards like SOC2, GDPR, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, Mitre Attack, and more.
```
